Update package.md file with the new features (#111)
ballerina-platform/module-ballerina-graphql: graphql-ballerina/Package.md

``` 
 
## Service

> The Ballerina GraphQL service represents the GraphQL schema. When a service is attached to a `graphql:Listener`, a GraphQL schema will be auto-generated. The resource functions inside the service represents resolvers in the root type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Ballerina GraphQL service represents the GraphQL schema. When a service is attached to a `graphql:Listener`, a GraphQL schema will be auto-generated. The resource functions inside the service represent the resolvers of the root type.
```

> Then the GraphQL listener will handle all the incoming requests and dispatches them to the relevant resource function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, the GraphQL listener will handle all the incoming requests and dispatch them to the relevant resource function.
```

### Hello World

```ballerina
import ballerina/graphql;

service graphql:Service /graphql on new graphql:Listener(4000) {
    resource function get greeting(string name) returns string {
        return "Hello, " + name;
    }
}
```

> The above can be queried using the following graphql document:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above can be queried using the GraphQL document below:
```

```
{
    greeting(name: "John")
}
```

> The result will be the following JSON

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The result will be the following JSON.
```

```json
{
    "data": {
        "greeting": "Hello, John"
    }
}
```

For more information, see the following.
* [Hello World Example](https://ballerina.io/learn/by-example/graphql-hello-world.html)
* [Returning Records from GraphQL services](https://ballerina.io/learn/by-example/graphql-resources-with-record-values.html)
* [Hierarchical Resource Paths Example](https://ballerina.io/learn/by-example/graphql-hierarchical-resource-paths.html)

### Return types
The Ballerina GraphQL resources can return the following types:

#### Scalar types 

> The following ballerina types are considered as Scalar types:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following Ballerina types are considered as Scalar types:
```

- `int`
- `string`
- `boolean`
- `float`
- `decimal`
     
```ballerina
resource function get greeting() returns string {
    return "Hello, World";
}
```

This can be queried using the following document:
```
{
    greeting
}
```

Result: 
```json
{
    "data": {
        "greeting": "Hello, World"
    }
}
```

#### Record types

When a resource is returning a record type, each field of the record can be queried separately.
  
```ballerina
public type Person record {|
    string name;
    int age;
|};

resource function get profile() returns Person {
    return { name: "Walter White", age: 51 };
}
```

This can be queried using the following document:
```
{
    profile {
        name
        age
    }
}
```

Result:
```json
{
    "data": {
        "profile": {
            "name": "Walter White",
            "age": 51
        }
    }
}
```

> Each field can be queried separately, as the following document:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each field can be queried separately as shown in the following document:
```

```
{
    profile {
        name
    }
}
```

Result:
```json
{
    "data": {
        "profile": {
            "name": "Walter White"
        }
    }
}
```

#### Arrays
A GraphQL resource can return an array of the types mentioned above.
When a resource is returning an array, the result will return a JSON array.
  
```ballerina
public type Person record {|
    string name;
    int age;
|};

resource function get people() returns Person[] {
    Person p1 = { name: "Walter White", age: 51 };
    Person p2 = { name: "James Moriarty", age: 45 };
    Person p3 = { name: "Tom Marvolo Riddle", age: 71 };
    return [p1, p2, p3];
}
```

This can be queried using the following document:
```
{
    people {
        name
    }
}
```

Result:
```json
{
    "data": {
        "people": [
            {
                "name": "Walter White"
            },
            {
                "name": "James Moriarty"
            },
            {
                "name": "Tom Marvolo Riddle"
            }
        ]
    }
}
```

> Note how each element in the array consists only the required field `name`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each element in the array consists only of the required `name` field.
```

        }
    }
}
```  

If the following document is used:
```
{
    profile(id: 4) {
        name
    }
}
```

This will be the result:
```json
{
    "data": {
        "profile": null
    }
}
``` 

#### Errors (With union)
A Ballerina GraphQL resource can return an `error` with the union of the types mentioned above.

```ballerina
public type Person record {|
    string name;
    int age;
|};

resource function get profile(int id) returns Person|error {
    if (id == 1) {
        return { name: "Walter White", age: 51 };
    } else {
        return error(string `Invalid ID provided: ${id}`);
    }
}
```

This can be queried using the following document:
```
{
    profile(id: 5) {
        name
    }
}
```

Result:
```json
{
    "errors": [
        {
            "message": "Invalid ID provided: 5",
            "locations": [
                {
                    "line": 2,
                    "column": 4
                }
            ]
        }
    ]
}
```  

### Additional Configurations
Additional configurations to a Ballerina GraphQL service can be provided using a service annotation (`graphql:ServiceConfiguration`).

#### Defining maximum query depth

> When a maximum query depth is provided, all the queries exceeding that limit will be rejected at the validation phase, and will not be executed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a maximum query depth is provided, all the queries exceeding that limit will be rejected at the validation phase and will not be executed.
```

```ballerina
import ballerina/graphql;

@graphql:ServiceConfiguration {
    maxQueryDepth: 2
}
service graphql:Service /graphql on new graphql:Listener(9090) {
    resource function get book(int id) returns Book {
        // Logic
    }
}
```

> The above service only accepts queries less than 2 levels. For an example, consider the following document:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above service only accepts queries of less than 2 levels. For an example, consider the following document:
```
